{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20300\viewh13060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Act I, Chapter II, A Sublimation: 
\i\b0\fs30 \ulnone \

\i0\b GOAL - 
\b0 Find Virgil Central Interface, restart it, then report to boss.
\b \
\
STORY -
\b0 The Lab is deserted, but looks as if everyone is was just there. Also, it seems station wide comms are down, as you cannot hail Virgil. You need to get to Virgil central processing unit. After finding Virgil you attempt to report to the boss that no one is there, but comms are down. Several rooms associated with a certain researcher are missing(bed room, shower,Locker,office). Doors are missing to lower maintenance chambers. AFTER RESTARTING VIRGIL: Virgil's memory has been wiped regarding everything before your arrival. Virgil informs you that protocol dictates that you will need to find out what happened to the team while Virgil continues to attempt to get in contact with the main base. Virgil restores proper power and lighting to the area.\
\

\b LOCATIONS - (Living Area) 
\b0 Lobby, Living Quarters(Minus 1 room\'85), Rec Room, Library, Locker room, Bathrooms/Showers,Kitchen/Brewery, offices, medical room,)Virgil Central Interface(secure locked)\
\

\b PUZZLES - \
	-
\b0 Get three security clearances(finger prints, retinal scan, and password) to enter Virgil Central Interface. You cannot register your own stuff, so you must get the security clearance from another researcher. To do this you must recover the Eye of the researcher, the finger of the researcher, and the researcher's password.\
\
	-Signal puzzle. As detailed by logs, several cryptic and surreal video signals have been broadcast throughout the station, having varying effects on the staff. The signal is actually an attempt by Locus to attempt to see if it can communicate with the researchers, and if they are of significant intelligence. The signals, combined with the information from the logs that clue you in on which signals belonged to which researcher, allowing you to guess the correct configuration of switches required to restart Virgil. 5 rows of 5 switches with modulation button\
\
\ul Total Items:\ulnone \
-Flashlight (Already in possession)\
-Neurocaster (Office)\
-Locker key (Library)\
-Pliers (Medical)\
-Finger (Bathroom 2)\
-Kitchen Mallet (Kitchen)\
-Cotton Swabs (Bathroom 1)\
-Eye (Medical room)\
-Transfer Cable (Rec Room)\
-External Drive (Library)\
-(COMBINATION)Transfer Cable w/ External Drive\
-(TRANSFORMATION)External Drive w\\Data\
\
\ul Total Notes:\ulnone \
-Security password\
\
\ul Total Logs:\
\ulnone -1-2-(1-5)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul Lobby:  
\b0 \ulnone \
General Notes: Round shape, undulating light, clean appearance.\
\
Static Objects: \
	-secretary's desk,secretary's chair,Secretary's computer\
	-waiting area with four seats and magazines\
	-front doors\
	-undulating lights(not flickering, smoother)\
	-Windows to outside mountainous area. \
	-Geometric sculptures\
	-reflective floors\
	-Door to Office area\
\
Useable Objects:\
-Log #1-2-1e, on secretary's computer: detailing that the lab should be prepared for your arrival, and to perhaps clean up some of the "issues" that have been occurring here. States that when you arrive they will need to enter your personal information for security clearance(finger print scans, retinal scans, and voice recognition required), to access areas of the lab, including the Virgil Central Interface. Office doors are locked.\
-Door to a safe is locked, hackable via Neurocaster. Inside is an e-log which is transmitting Signal #5\
\

\b \ul Office Area:  
\b0 \ulnone \
General Notes: Open Cubicle Plan, undulating lights, clean, high ceiling, hub of the living area\
\
Static Objects: \
	-3x3 cubicles with desk, chair, and computer\
	-Head Office with separate door, office, desk, walls, and window into main area\
	-Stairs to second floor balcony that circumscribes the room\
	-First floor doors to Medical Room, Lobby, first floor bathroom, Living Quarters,Cafeteria\
	-Second floor doors to , Library, Rec Room, second floor Bathroom, Locker Room,Virgil Central Interface(Locked)\
\
Useable Objects:\
-Log #1-2-2e on Office computer\
-Log #1-2-4v video log on Main office computer\
-(ITEM)Neurocaster software\
\

\b \ul Rec Room:
\b0 \ulnone \
General Notes: Lit only by TV showing the signal\
\
Static objects:\
	-pool table\
	-bar\
	-couch\
\
Useable Objects:\
-Large screen TV: Signal 1\
-Glass with lipstick smear (DNA)\
-(ITEM)Transfer Cable\
\

\b \ul Living Quarters:
\b0 \ulnone \
General Notes: series of small rooms, numbered with pictures/names/placards next to them to delineate who occupies them. Missing room #3.\
\
static objects:\
	-5 rooms(1 missing)\
	-each with bed, desk, light, window\
\
useable objects:\
	-Journal in room #2  with log #1-2-5p\
	-Boarded up Recession in room #4 (hides TV with Signal 2, requires hammer)\
\

\b \ul Library:
\b0 \ulnone \
General Notes: Compared to the rest of the lab, this is rather more old fashioned, with wood furniture and book shelves.\
	\
static objects:\
	-4 shelves\
	-two Reading chairs\
	-Desk with two computers\
\
useable objects:\
	-Several books, favorite book belonging to one researcher contains a hidden compartment in the back with (ITEM)locker key.\
	-On the computer desk is an (ITEM)External drive.\
\

\b \ul Locker Room:
\b0 \ulnone \
General Notes: well lit\
static objects:\
	-Perimeter lined with 5 lockers and benches in the middle\
\
useable objects:\
	-lockers can be opened\
	-Locker #5 contains (ITEM)Rubber Boots.\
	-locker #2 is locked. when opened with key, contains digital log with password Log #1-2-6L\
\

\b \ul Bath Room 1 (Downstairs):\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone General notes: well lit, flooded, water flowing from the top. Red Light streaming and strange sound coming out out of one shower. Water is electrified baring entry.\
\
static objects:\
	-3 stalls with toilets\
	-3 showers\
	-1 bath\
	-3 sinks\
\
Useable objects:\
	-(ITEM)Cotton Swabs\
	-Upon unflooding room, opening bath door reveals a charred bath, with a tv with Signal 3 at the bottom\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul Bath Room 2 (Upstairs):
\b0 \ulnone \
General Notes: well lit, smaller, only toilet stalls, requires rubber boots to enter due to electricity. \
\
static objects:\
	-3 stalls with toilets(flooding)\
	-3 sinks\
\
useable objects:\
	-1 breaker box(turning off breaker box turns off light, and electricity), also brings out the Teleporting "Ghost" of the woman researcher. Turning breaker box back on after being done with downstairs makes her go away.\
	-3 valves connected via pipes. Control water flow\
	-1 Flooding toilet stuck. Turning of the 3 valves stops the flooding and reveals a hand stuck in the toilet. If you use pliers on the hand you can get a (ITEM) Finger.\
\

\b \ul Medical Room:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone General Notes: Single beam light working\
\
static objects:\
	-Gurney\
	-Overhead medical lamp\
	-Medical table with implements\
	-Curtain\
	\
useable objects:\
	-Medical table has (Item) Bone/Wire Cutting Pliers\
	-Log #1-2-3p paper left on desk.\
	-DNA Scanner.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul 	
\b0 \ulnone -Organic containment closet with several vats filled with various things, including several body parts. Look up is based on DNA. Using DNA gathered from glass in Rec Room, you can retrieve the women researcher's (ITEM)Eye.\
\

\b \ul Cafeteria:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone General Notes: Several small glowing lights dot this area in an otherwise low lit room.\
\
static objects:\
	-Stove\
	-Oven\
	-Buffet Line\
	-Long table, chairs\
\
useable objects:\
	-Inside of the microwave, you see a melted E-log, though the ports still seem intact. Need combined Transfer Cable w/External drive. You can use this on any computer to view Signal #4.\
	-(Item)Kitchen Mallet \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul Virgil Central Interface:
\b0 \ulnone \
General Notes: Virgil is deactivated and the security door is locked at first.\
\
static objects:\
-Security door, requires biometric info to get in\
-Virgil Console, requires the correct sequence of 5 configuration buttons and modulation keys to restart Virgil.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul Total Static Models:\ulnone \
-Lobby Walls (SM)\
-Computer desk	(SCAN)\
-Computer Chair	(SCAN)\
-Comfortable Chair	(SCAN)\
-Windows	(SM)\
-Geometric sculptures	(SM)\
-Reflective floor	(SM)\
-Office Walls	(SM)\
-Cubicle	(SM)\
-Carpet	(SM)\
-Rec Room walls	(SM)\
-pool table\
-drinks bar\
-Beer bottle	(SCAN)\
-Glass	(SCAN)\
-couch\
-Bed\
-Living Quarters walls\
-Room Desk\
-Lamp\
-Room Window\
-Room ID Placards\
-Library walls\
-Reading chair\
-Library Shelf(with books)\
-Locker Bench\
-Bathroom walls\
-Shower\
-Med-Room walls\
-Medical Gurney\
-Medical Lamp\
-Medical Table\
-Medical Curtain\
-Cafeteria Walls\
-Stove\
-Oven\
-Buffet Line\
-Long Table\
-chairs\
-Blocked off room Door\
-Walls for Virgil Central Interface\
\
\
\ul Total Useable Models:\ulnone \
-Sliding Doors\
-Regular door\
-Computer\
-Large screen TV\
-Transfer Cable\
-Written Paper Log\
-Digital Log(Tablet)\
-Boarded Up Recession(behind it is a TV)\
-Book\
-Locker\
-Toilet\
-Sink\
-Severed hand \
-Cotton Swabs\
-bath\
-Small Monitor/tv\
-Water valve\
-Breaker Box\
-DNA Scanner\
-Organic containment closet\
-Microwave\
-Melted mini-Display/tv\
-Kitchen Mallet\
-Security door to Virgil Central Interface\
-Virgil Console\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul log #1-2-5p(Thaddeus's Diary):\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\i\b0 \cf0 \ulnone Entry 1 -
\i0\b \ul \
\

\i\b0 \ulnone Entry 2 -
\i0  I still cannot figure out why in the hell it just stopped. All the diagnostics suggested that the latest source code evolution should have improved geothermal gathering efficiencies by 0.25%. While promising, this is at best a modest gain, and according to my calculations this gene's fitness should still fall below the local maxima. There's simply no way it's topped off at this point. Perhaps if I go in and make some source code alterations by hand\'85.\
\

\i Entry 3 - 
\i0 This is unexpected. While spelunking through the source-code, I started to notice some random looking symbols cropping up. At first I thought it must be a glitches in the unicode table or something, but the symbols aren't in any of character codes that I've seen. The internet doesn't provide any answers either. Perhaps even more strange is what happens when I deleted the spurious code. Every time I push to the repository it gives me some kind of permissions error. I really need to get this sorted soon, operations have ground to a halt, and everyone's looking at me like some kind of idiot for keeping things held up. I'm not one for conspiracies, but I often wonder about the "Security protocols" Antumbra installed on these machines. It could be messing with code repository, or worse, perhaps they are intentionally altering it with encrypted code chunks? But why?
\i \

\i0 \

\i Entry 4 - 
\i0 This damn candle keeps leaking wax on everything, I'll have to check the maintenance closet for another one. For some reason we've been experiencing strange power surges and brown outs. Connectivity with Virgil is patchy at best. Perhaps more of a concern is our inability to open any doors exiting the lab. Who designs a state of the art research laboratory and doesn't install manual entries and exits for emergencies? First the source code bugs, and now this. Sometimes I wonder about our 'benefactor''s intentions. We do have plenty of supplies, so it shouldn't be a foreseeable problem, just as long as we get the power working correctly soon enough. Lord knows McGill's enough of a dick as it is without cabin fever taking its toll.\
\
Entry 5 - Something has happened. A series of strange signals have begun transmitting. Not just to the Virgil console, but also to any device with a screen. They seemingly start and stop at random, and to my eyes appear similar to fragmented memory output onto a GPU, only constantly changing. What makes this even more strange is that we are still experiencing blackouts, and at times these signals seem to be transmitting 
\i without electricity at all.
\i0  Disturbing.\
\
}