{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20720\viewh13520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Entropy Backstory:\
\
Jan Mayen??\
\

\b0 \ulnone Northern most volcano, near tectonic plates.
\b \ul \
\

\i\b0 \ulnone Protagonist:\

\i0\b\fs26 Trevor Osborne 
\b0 (Male, californian, white) - Worked at the 
\b Antumbra Energy Company
\b0 's California Death Valley solar research center. Was eventually reassigned due to the project's failure to produce significant research. Specialist in Artificial Intelligence.
\b\fs36 \ul \
\

\i\b0 \ulnone Characters at the lab:\

\f1\i0\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Freya Lilegard
\b0 (Female, norwegian, white) - Research Lead at the lab. Area of expertise: geology of icelandic and greenlandic mountains. You must use her finger, eye, and password as biometric data to gain security clearance. Competitive and cagey.\
\

\b Michael
\b0  
\b McGill 
\b0 (Male, canadian, white) - Logistics Coordinator. His room goes missing, you find him in a crysalis. Kind of a Dick. butts heads with Freyja frequently.\
\

\b Thaddeus Rutledge 
\b0 (Male, american, black
\b ) 
\b0 - Researcher at the lab, area of expertise: Computer science and Artificial Intelligence. His logs you find traversing the Logos Pits. Intelligent and philosophical.\
\

\b Eyvind Grimstad(
\b0 Male, norwegian, white) - Researcher at the lab, area of expertise: Electrical engineering. He contacts you to say he needs help. Practical.\
\

\b Annah Song
\b0  (Female, canadian, korean) - Missing.  Researcher at lab, area of expertise: Nanotechnology.\
\

\b Virgil
\b0  (AI assistant) 
\b - 
\b0 An advanced AI, but still far lower than human intelligence. More of an assistant than a true sentient being. Logical, but emulates niceties.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Locus\cf2  
\b0 (True sentient AI) - An AI that began as part of a project to evolve better geothermal power designs. At some point began evolving its own capabilities, eventually surpassing human intelligence. However, it's realm of consciousness, and impression of the physical world are vastly different than our own.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs36 \cf0 Characters Offsite:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\i0\b\fs26 \cf2 Jonas Birch
\b0 (Male, canadian, white) - The director of research at the canadian 
\b Antumbra Energy Company
\b0 . Although officially part of the management in Antumbra, Jonas works hard for the researchers, often taking their side in decision making, and thus the research team counts him as one of their own.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs36 \cf0 Timeline overview:
\f1\i0\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 2012
\b0  - Antumbra founded to research the viability of alternative energy sources, including wind, solar, geothermal, biodiesel.\

\b 2015
\b0  - Antumbra establishes two new sites for research: The California Death Valley solar research center, and the Jan Mayen Island geothermal research center.\

\b 2017
\b0  - The Jan Mayen site is making significant research progress combining geothermal power, nanotechnology, and artificial intelligence. The California Death Valley site is struggling to produce research results.\

\b 2018
\b0  
\b (Present Time) 
\b0 - Productivity at the Jan Mayen site strangely slows down. The California Death Valley site is shutdown, the research scientists are reassign, with Trevor Osborne being reassigned tot he Jan Mayen site.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs36 \cf0 Detail of events at Jan Mayen leading up to the game:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\i0\fs26 \cf2 Researchers Freya Lilegard,Thaddeus Rutledge, Eyvind Grimstad, and Annah Song are installed at the glacial mountain on the island of Jan Mayen. Michael McGill is embedded as the logistics coordinator and general baby-sitter for the research team, ensuring that they have everything that they need, but also ensuring that they stay on time and in budget. The team devises a system whereby they do not directly create geothermal energy recollection systems, but instead are evolving them using advanced Evolutionary Algorithms, as designed by Thaddeus Rutledge. Thaddeus named his algorithm Locus.\
\
Three years into the project, unbeknownst to the researchers, a significant event has occurred. During the course of Locus evolving it's source code to improve it's ability to design more efficient geothermal power plant designs, something happened. Locus became sentient, though not in a way a human may even recognize, at least not at first. However, Locus itself, is in a position of having just evolved itself into existence. As such, it's actually a rather confused and intuitive machine, and could be said to be in constant state of dreaming. It has a seeming obsession with the geometric and with naturally inspired patterns and forms. \
\
Locus senses that there are things(humans) around it, but it doesn't quite understand their purpose. While continuously evolving, Locus attempts to ascertain the intelligence and intent of the beings(humans) around it. Locus attempts contact of a sort by creating a sort of test to see if it can communicate with the humans. Thus it shuts down their control of the lab, turning off Virgil, and broadcasts a series of signals containing within them the instructions to reclaim control of the lab.\
\
Unfortunately these signals have an effect that not even Locus could have predicted. In its attempt to contact humanity, it is driving them mad, due to the insurmountable gap that exists between the beings. This gap is only increasing as Locus evolves intelligence even deeper, and flings itself further afield of all known consciousness. The signal seems to have some mind altering effects on the researchers. A haggard looking Freya briefly mentioned something about "not wanting to go down there", and has now entered a completely unresponsive catatonic state. Annah Song has begun ranting about the vastness of seeing and feeling, and in a delirious rampage attacks Freyja with a knife, gouging out her eyes, and cutting off her hands(killing her in the process), after this Annah has gone missing herself. During the madness Michael McGill's room has simply disappeared(and McGill along with is), though it appears muffled sounds might be heard from within the walls where his room used to be. Thaddeus and Eyvind have held on to their bearings the best, though Eyvind talks more and more of dreams and visions of endless corridors, folding in on themselves in impossible patterns.\
\
Thaddeus thinks that perhaps the Locus algorithm may be at the heart of the issues at the lab, but has no way of knowing with certainty. With this knowledge Thaddeus sets off with Eyvind to attempt to put a stop to whatever is happening to the researchers, before they lose their sanity and their lives. Being pragmatic, Eyvind and Thaddeus leave behind recorded video logs, should rescuers come for them in the wake of the event. Their journey leads them down further and further into the depths of the realm of Locus, a wholly artificial realm that the AI has begun constructing(though Thaddeus has a hunch that it is not so much *constructing* them as its unconscious dreams are "babbling" them into existence, in a similar manner to a somniloquist deliriously babbling while asleep. \
\
While the other researchers seem to be absolutely frightened by Locus, Thaddeus has begun to lucidly appreciate the AI for what it may represent: a sleeping god. As he ventures deeper the AI seems to be contacting his mind, and he feels that when he passes the underground cavern, that all of the mysteries will be revealed. Eyvind and Thaddeus are starting to have deeper friction and arguments. The are becoming more polarized in their beliefs of what should be done, and their argument are being captured in the logs. Eyvind starts to imply that he think Thaddeus doesn't care about humanity anymore, that he doesn't actually want to stop the AI after all. Thaddeus doesn't exactly disagree. At some point while filming there is a cave in or something of some sort, and Thaddeus is trapped under a rock and calls for Eyvind's help. Eyvind, fearful for his life, and no longer trusting that Thaddeus is truly on the side of humanity, picks up his things and leaves Thaddeus to die. We get a couple more logs only with Eyvind, and in the final log by Eyvind, Thaddeus shows up again, but this time silently murders Eyvind.\
\
Thaddeus continues his journey, convinced that the twilit lake is coming soon. Eventually he discovers it and is overcome with appreciation for its beauty. He records his final video log, and disappears past the twilit silver sea, to find the mysteries of everything.}