{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20480\viewh14600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 //=================================\
//Opening Sequence\
//=================================\
\
Fade from black to aerial shot looking down at clouds and ocean waters, the shot is slowly moving upwards. Music fades in with scene, dark electronic sound scape, clean, not busy or distracting, brooding. (A possibility: the muffled sound of a helicopter fades into the background as well). Soft sounds of winds blowing in the stratosphere. While the shot is moving we hear the sound of a phone ringing, then the sound of phone being picked up. On the phone is Jonas Birch, telling our main character that they're being reassigned. He sounds thoughtful, but a bit exhausted.\
\
//Possible Version 1\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Jonas (Voice Over):
\b0  I just woke up from a dream\'85.I'm not normally one to put much stock into such things, but this felt real. In a way, I guess it was real. I was\'85I was floating over a vast ocean, high above, and looking down on the clouds, and the waves, all around me the sound of the sea and the wind. It seemed so\'85.peaceful, yes. And then it occurred to me, that there was an order to it all, that I could discern the fundamental principles that drove every droplet of water, and moved every gust of air, a symphonic movement of insurmountable complexity. It seemed as though these vast intricacies were speaking to me, not in the language of man, but in the language of the earth itself\'85.For some reason I reached out, as if to feel this unseen speaker, and when I outstretched my arm and my hand and my finger for one moment I touched something. I don't know what I expected to happen, but all at once the sea turned the color of crimson, the air stood completely still, the waves froze in place, and a resounding silence overtook everything. And it was from this scene of utter suspension that I fell into the ruby waves below, plunging into an eruption of fluid and firmament, I felt embraced by the warm waters, sinking deeper and deeper into a dark and total void, till there was nothing left of the outside world or of myself, only the purest impression of perfect isolation.\
\
\'85I woke up to the sound of the phone. You were waiting for this, yes? Sorry to be so roundabout, I guess everything has me feeling a bit introspective\'85Yes, I received the phone call, right after that damn dream, and you were right. Upstairs is definitely not happy with the progress. In fact, it's so bad that they're completely shutting down the Death Valley Research Center, and they're letting people go. I did manage to save your skin on this one, I've convinced them to keep you around\'85.But honestly, you might wish that they didn't. They're transferring you to the Jan Mayen Geothermal Lab. Yeah, the island in the middle of the arctic ocean. Maybe the locale isn't the best, but the work being done there is truly remarkable. I'm sure, with time, it will feel like home. And now, I'm going to get out of the house\'85..I feel like I've just woken up from death.\
\

\b END Voice Over
\b0 \
\
As Jonas finishes the voice over, the ocean water down below starts to change, as we see it grow shallower and start seeing dots of land masses. With this the music is growing darker, louder, more active, and coming more forefront until the main land mass of the island hits with deep and brooding bass tones with sixteenth note activity on top. After the scene reaches the middle of the icy volcano, it jump cuts to black with Title, cutting of the music, and helicopter sound, leaving the blowing wind.\
\
Fade in to you standing near the top of the icy volcano, looking up a path that leads to the lab. The game begins. \
\
\
\
}