{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cyberspace RPG (that happens to be turn based?)
\f1 \

\f0 \
\
-Emphasize RPG elements (like battle tech was a turn based RPG)
\f1 \

\f0 \
In game economy with a black market for found information and places to by upgrades or other useful items.
\f1 \

\f0 \
Level ideas:
\f1 \

\f0 \
Rip off other cool things from other games. We need several different kinds of \'93quests\'94 or \'93missions\'94. I think Armored Core is actually a good parallel here. The idea here is that using the same simple components we can create several different kinds of gameplay that will make the overall game have variance and keep the players interested. This will also show a range of employment for the player, ranging from black market information and government security, to corporate espionage and hacktivism. Possible levels include:
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Get information about X.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	Investigate X. (Disturbances, etc..)
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	Plant virus or tracker, etc...
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	Gain control of server, ie all nodes.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	Bounty Hunting. Since we don't have attacks this will require some creativity.  We can also have other hackers show up in a level to disrupt the player.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	Security, AKA Tower defense
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	White/Black Hat Hacker, find possible exploits, more found, more money.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	Hacker Challenges for hacker groups. Win a hacker challenge get $$ or L00T. These could include time challenges but also other quirky things like gain control of all enemies without killing a single one, or digital graffiti such as reroute paths in the level to spell the name of the hacker group.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	Clean up other hackers work such as graffiti/taggings or stop DoS attacks
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \'95	Destroy all viruses on a server
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \
These could be divided in 3 groups:
\f1 \

\f0 \uc0\u8232 Black Market, Government, and Hacktivism.
\f1 \

\f0 You get a rank in each group as you complete more missions and have an established rank. Any time you like you can challenge the hacker above you in rank to a one on one hacker duel. If you want you advance rank, if you lose you fall behind slightly.
\f1 \

\f0 \
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\f1 \

\f0 \
-Modular Abilities, with Max/MSP like interface? (Ability Nanotech?)
\f1 \

\f0 -Ability Atoms?
\f1 \

\f0 -Ability types?
\f1 \

\f0 -Atoms can be grouped together into ability molecules?
\f1 \

\f0 -The more abilities used in a composed molecule, the more turns it takes to do?
\f1 \

\f0 -You can level up abilities, by using them.
\f1 \

\f0 -Leveling up abilities enough levels the player up.
\f1 \

\f0 -When the player levels up, they can increase a stat.
\f1 \

\f0 -Stats are Health, Stealth (Better word?), Energy
\f1 \

\f0 \
-Keep track of score based on stealthiness, a la Htiman
\f1 \

\f0 \
\
-Generative levels, the ability to be endless
\f1 \

\f0 -A story arc, and endless mode?
\f1 \

\f0 \
-Indicators for Close Enemies (perhaps 3 levels to indicate range)
\f1 \

\f0 -A predictor ability, takes one turn, predicts where AI will go
\f1 \

\f0 \
Possible abilities:
\f1 \

\f0 \
-Spawn Shadow ability creates a decoy version of you.
\f1 \

\f0 -When you level up, it can even attack enemies
\f1 \
\

\f0 Invisibility. Duration increases with level.
\f1 \
\

\f0 Teleportation. Range increases with level.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Structures:\
\

\b SubSystems:\

\b0 Port\
Nodes\
\

\b Different SubSystem Types:\

\b0 -IO - Where you Start\
-Scanner Node - The Back Tracer\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\cf0 -Data Node (This houses encrypted data files that may give you important information)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 -Wetware Node - A "treasure chest" of sorts, gives a random boon, such as:\
	Wetware programs:\
			-Megabucks: Gives the equivalent of money in the game.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\cf0 			-DNS spoof - lowers suspicion\
			-Recursive Self-improvement - heals player\
			-Ghost shell - for 90 seconds the player is completely hidden from defensive subroutines, \
				and all actions incur no suspicion penalties\
			-ARP Poisoning - teleports you into an enemy node\
			-Glitch - completely lowers suspicion level to zero\
			-Hatch Phantom - spawns a phantom subroutine which you can control\
				Phantoms you control are similar to you in abilities (but more restricted)\
			-Hatch Daemon - spawns two dragon subroutine under your control, which protect you from defensive subroutines\
				Daemons have combat abilities\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\

\b Map:\

\b0 Hallway\
???\
\

\b Program Types:\

\b0 Port Programs\
Node Programs\
Ability Programs\
\
\

\b Program Effects:\

\b0 Temporary Access\
Permanent Access\
Light Defense\
Heavy Defense\
Scan\
Stealth / Hiding (Trojans for Ports / Nodes and Invisibility for the Player)\
Various Traps (Alarms, Bombs, etc)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}